Update status-port description (#5645)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-backends.md

```toml

# log level
log-level = "info"

> # log output directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The output directory of log
```

```toml
[lightning]
# log level
level = "info"

> # log output directory. If this location directory is not specified, the file path where the command is executed is the default directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The directory to which the log is output. If this directory is not specified, the file path where the command is executed is the default directory.
```

> # The directory to which the log is output. If this directory is not specified, the file path where the command is executed is the default directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The directory to which the log is output. If this directory is not specified, it defaults to the directory where the command is executed.
```

# TiDB connection parameters
host = "127.0.0.1"
port = 4000

> # In TiDB-backend mode, this parameter is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In the TiDB-backend mode, this parameter is optional.
```
